---How would you define Machine Learning?

Machine learning is a branch of artificial intelligence (AI) focused on building applications that learn from data and improve their accuracy over time without being programmed to do so. 

--- What are the differences between Supervised and Unsupervised Learning? Specify example 3 algorithms for each of these

Supervised learning algorithms are trained using labeled data,Unsupervised learning algorithms are trained using unlabeled data.
Supervised learning can be categorized in Classification and Regression problems,Unsupervised Learning can be classified in Clustering and Associations problems.
Supervised learning needs supervision to train the model,Unsupervised learning does not need any supervision to train the model.


---What are the test and validation set, and why would you want to use them?

Test set: A set of examples used only to assess the performance of a fully-specified classifier.
Validation set: A set of examples used to tune the parameters of a classifier, for example to choose the number of hidden units in a neural network.

Validation set actually can be regarded as a part of training set, because it is used to build your model, neural networks or others. It is usually used for parameter selection and to avoild overfitting. ... Validation set is used for tuning the parameters of a model. Test set is used for performance evaluation.

---What are the main preprocessing steps? Explain them in detail. Why we need to prepare our data?

Importing the Libraries:
We have imported three libraries Numpy, Matplotlib, Pandas. A library is a symbol of modules containing functions and classes with which you can perform some actions and operations. Basically a library is super useful in building a machine learning model.
Numpy: It allows us to work with arrays.
Matplotlib: It allows us to plot some beautiful charts and graphs. We’ve used module pyplot for plotting charts.
Pandas: It allows us to import the dataset and also helps in creating matrix of features and the dependent variable vector.



Importing the dataset:
We have to create a new variable for storing our dataset. This function will read all the values of the dataset and will create a dataframe. We have to create two new entities:-
(i) Matrix of features/Independent Variable: These contain the information with which you can predict the dependent variable.
(ii) Dependent variable: These the values which you want to predict.

Handling the missing data:
Missing data can cause errors in your machine learning model. Therefore you must handle it.
Method (i): Just ignore the observation by deleting it. This works only if you have a large dataset and 1% missing data. Removing 1% of data won’t affect the learning quality of the model. For lots of missing data, this is not the right approach.
Method(ii): Replace the missing value by the average of all the values in the column in which the data is missing. You have to change the index location according to your dataset.
fit method: For applying this imputer class to matrix of features, it will connect the features.
transform: This will replace the missing values to the average of the values.


Encoding Categorical data:
Idea 1: Encode every string to 1,2,3,…. likewise. But this is not fair as features like countries will be ranked, we can do this for features like sizes M,L,S,XS, etc.
Idea 2: One Hot Encoder
Turning one column into separate columns. It consists of creating binary vectors for each of the column.
(i) Encoding categorical independent variable.
Two classes used: (a) Column Transformer (b) One hot encoder
(ii) Encoding dependent variable.
Class used:
→Label encoder: It will encode yes and no to 0 and 1.


Splitting the dataset into training set and test set:
Train set is where you’re going to train your machine learning model on existing observations. Test set is where you’re going to test the performance of your model on new observations.

Feature Scaling:
It puts all our features on the same scale. You don’t have to apply feature scaling to the dummy variables.
Two techniques:
(i) Standardization
(ii) Normalization
Class used : Standard Scalar


--- Analyse the plot given below. (What is the plot and variable type, check the distribution and make comment about how you can preproccess it.)

PLOT = HİSTOGRAM
VARİABLE = CATEGORİCAL 
DİSTRİBUTİON = NORMAL

